Clarify caching behaviour (#767)
cloudflare/next-on-pages: packages/next-on-pages/docs/caching.md

`@cloudflare/next-on-pages` comes with support for data revalidation and caching for fetch requests. This is done in our router and acts as an extension to Next.js' built-in functionality.

> [!NOTE]

> > This cache is persisted across deployments inline with the standard behaviour. You are responsible for revalidating/purging this cache. It is not handled for you by `@cloudflare/next-on-pages` or Cloudflare Pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This cache is persisted across deployments inline with what the [Next.js documentation states](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/caching#data-cache). If you don't want such behaviour, you are responsible for revalidating/purging this cache. It is not handled for you by `@cloudflare/next-on-pages` or Cloudflare Pages.
```

Author: They are responsible for managing it even if they do want this though

> If you don't want such behaviour, you are responsible for revalidating/purging this cache.

Reviewer: good point 🙂👍

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This cache is persisted across deployments inline with what the [Next.js documentation states](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/caching#data-cache).
```

Author: I still think it's important to explicitly call out they are responsible for managing. What's your thinking to not include that part?

Reviewer: Sorry, bad copy paste on my part! 😓 🙇 

(I meant to remove my latter suggested change and keep only the first part 😅)

```suggestion
> This cache is persisted across deployments inline with what the [Next.js documentation states](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/caching#data-cache). You are responsible for revalidating/purging this cache. It is not handled for you by `@cloudflare/next-on-pages` or Cloudflare Pages.
```

> > If you wish to opt-out of this caching pelease see: https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/caching#opting-out-1

Reviewer 2: "pelease"

Reviewer: 🤦

Reviewer: thanks! 😅
